Wheel of Fortune:The Wheel of Fortune represents constant change and the coming of good fortune. You soon receive a string of positive feedback. Make sure not to feel to comfortable with your situation and give up your studies because this good fortune could end quickly.:wheel_of_fortune.gif
Death:Death represents a large, possibly negative change. You may soon find yourself getting a grade or an assignment that you are not pleased with. Although this may seem negative now, it could lead to a fresh, new beginning.:death.gif
The Tower:The Tower represents drastic change. You will soon either experience a horrible drop in grades or devastating news regarding your academics.:the_tower.gif
The Lovers:The Lovers represent honesty and communication. Your academics will require you to work with someone else. This relationship will be mutually beneficial. Remember to be kind and divide work equally and you will be successful.:the_lovers.gif
The Hierophant:The Hierophant represents wisdom and mentorship. You may soon find someone who will bring guidance to your life. Do not be afraid to accept this mentor into your life and allow them to guide you and help you academically.:the_hierophant.gif
The High Priestess:The High Priestess represents the subconscious mind and hidden wants. Soon you will realize what it is you truly want from school and from life. Alter your academic behaviors to account for this realization.:the_high_priestess.gif
The Fool:The Fool represents new beginnings. You will either soon start over academically. Do not fear this change and embrace the chance to start over.:the_fool.gif
The Chariot:The Chariot represents bravery and action. Soon, you will be faced with very difficult challenges. It is important that you remain positive and enjoy the journey of getting past these roadblocks.:the_chariot.gif
Strength:Strength represents inner strength and perseverance. You will soon likely face an academic challenge, but your inner strength will carry you past these challenges and you will find success.:strength.gif
The Magician:The Magician represents inspired action. Soon, you will take action to finish a project or academic endeavor. Do not hesitate in making a move or in taking steps to achieve your goals.:the_magician.gif
The Empress:The Empress represents softness and intuition. It is essential that you listen to your gut and make academic decisions that you feel comfortable with. Take advice from others kindly but ultimately listen to your own heart.:the_empress.gif
The Emperor:The Emperor represents strength, control, and discipline. Your focus will soon be challenged, but you will overcome this distraction. You must in order to be successful in your academic endeavors.:the_emperor.gif
The Hermit:The Hermit represents solitude. It is best to remain alone right now for company will only distract you from reaching success at the moment. Use this time to self reflect and regain focus.:the_hermit.gif
The Devil:The Devil represents addiction and obsession. You will soon develop a bad habit that will prevent you from academic success. It will be very difficult to remove this distraction from your life, but you must in order to succeed.:the_devil.gif
The Star:The Star represents faith and renewal. You may want to spend sometime alone focusing on your own academic success. Retain the hope that things will turn out well and they will.:the_star.gif
The Sun:The Sun represents positivity and success. Your current academic endeavor will prove to very successful, and you deserve to feel proud of this accomplishment.:the_sun.gif
The Moon:The Moon represents fear and illusion. Not everything is as it seems, and you may want to be wary of the people you allow to help you academically. They may be out to hurt you and serve their own interests.:the_moon.gif
Judgement:Judgement represents re-birth and the realization that there is something more. You will soon make a life-changing decision. You may realize that your current course of study will not fulfill your life's purpose. Don't be afraid to change your path.:judgement.gif
Justice:Justice represents truth and fairness. Although it is tempting, make sure you stay away from deception and academic dishonesty. Remain truthful and you will be better for it.:justice.gif
Temperance:Temperance represents balance, patience, and purpose. Although it may seem like there is no end to the constant, insufferable cycle of academia, you will soon find your purpose. Everything will work out.:temperance.gif
The Hanged Man:The Hanged Man represents surrender and pause. You will soon take a needed break in this academic endeavor. Let yourself relax. It is okay to not worry constantly about the result.:the_hanged_man.gif
The World:The World represents the finishing of a cycle. You will soon finish a long, tiring project or endeavor. Trust that the Universe is working in your favor and things will align the way that they are supposed to.:the_world.gif