Wheel of Fortune:The Wheel of Fortune represents constant change and the coming of good fortune. You will find a new compatibility with your family member. Prepare for spontaneaity and unpredictability in this new side of your relationship.:wheel_of_fortune.gif
Death:Death represents a large, possibly negative change. You may soon find yourself losing touch with someone in your family, possibly caused by a tragic event.:death.gif
The Tower:The Tower represents drastic change. You will soon either experience a horrible seperation from a family member or someone will do something devastating that you will never be able to forgive.:the_tower.gif
The Lovers:The Lovers represent love, honesty, and communication. The perfect relationship is coming your way. If there are problems in your current relationship with a family member, these problems will soon vanish and you will love one another deeply.:the_lovers.gif
The Hierophant:The Hierophant represents spiritual wisom and tradition. You may soon fall back on old family traditions and reconnect with someone who you lost touch with. Be strong but forgiving.:the_hierophant.gif
The High Priestess:The High Priestess represents the subconscious mind and intuition. Soon you will realize what it is you truly want and deserve from your family. This may signal a change in how you treat your family and how they treat you. Trust your gut and, if someone is treating you unfairly, let them know.:the_high_priestess.gif
The Fool:The Fool represents new beginnings. Wipe away your pasy history and baggage and start anew with a family member. Forgive one another and forget past arguments and problems.:the_fool.gif
The Chariot:The Chariot represents bravery and action. Soon, you will be assertive and make a move to end an argument, whether or not the attempt is succesful. You will take control of your current relationship and no longer let your family member dictate your life.:the_chariot.gif
Strength:Strength represents inner strength and perserverance. You will soon find the determination within yourself push through and fix the relationship that is causing you pain. Your resilience will help to make your current relationship stronger.:strength.gif
The Magician:The Magician represents inspired action. Soon, you will take the first step in mending a familial relationship or will be the one to cut off the person in a relationship that cannot be fixed.:the_magician.gif
The Empress:The Empress represents womanhood, softness, and femininity. A woman in your family will care for you tenderly or you will find forgiveness and make ammends with her.:the_empress.gif
The Emperor:The Emporer represents strength, control, and masculinity. A man in your family will soon impact your life, or you may find that someone in your family is too controlling of your own life and that you need to take back this control.:the_emperor.gif
The Hermit:The Hermit represents solitude. It will be best for you to temporarily seperate yourself from family members who are giving you stress or pain. Spend some time on your own and come back to your family when you are ready.:the_hermit.gif
The Devil:The Devil represents addiction and obsession. You will soon become obsessed with winning an argument or fighting with a family matter. You will become adicted to negative habits that may weaken your relationship.:the_devil.gif
The Star:The Star represents faith and renewal. You may want to spend sometime alone focusing on your own hope, peace, and connection to the divine. In the end, you will strengthen your familial relationships after directing your energies into improving yourself.:the_star.gif
The Sun:The Sun represents positivity and success. Things will eventually get better. Any problems in your family life will soon be turned around, and you will find a joyful love with each member of your family.:the_sun.gif
The Moon:The Moon represents fear and illusion. Not everything is as it seems, and you may want to be wary of family members who you once thought you could trust. This person may be out for personal gain or may want to hurt you. Be on the look out.:the_moon.gif
Judgement:Judgement represents re-birth and the realization that there is something more. You will soon make a life-changing decision. If you have cut someone off, you may realize that it is better to have them in your life. If you are struggling with a family better, you may realize you need to take a break from them and take time for yourself.:judgement.gif
Justice:Justice represents truth and fairness. You may soon come to realize that it may be best to stay out of this relationship and separate from this family member, even though it may be hard to admit. It will be healthier for you and for them.:justice.gif
Temperance:Temperance represents balance, patience, and purpose. Although it may seem like this disagreement will never end, you will eventually find peace and comfort in this person.:temperance.gif
The Hanged Man:The Hanged Man represents surrender and pause. You will soon take a break in a fight or disagreement you have with a family member and forgive one another. You will admit your faults and they will do the same.:the_hanged_man.gif
The World:The World represents the finishing of a cycle. You will either soon end a long-lasting deep rooted disagreement that you have with a family member and you will find yourself connected to them as you were in the far past.:the_world.gif
