Wheel of Fortune:The Wheel of Fortune represents constant change and the coming of good fortune. You will soon recieve a surprising gift of money or experience financial windfall. However, just as easily as you can recieve financial success, you can lose it. Be careful.:wheel_of_fortune.gif
Death:Death represents a large, possibly negative change. You may soon find yourself out of a job or experience a great financial loss. This loss does not have to be a negative experience, however. Expect things to change drastically.:death.gif
The Tower:The Tower represents drastic change. Things will soon come crashing down. Stand back and just wait out the storm. In the end, this change may leave you with the opportunity for a new beginning.:the_tower.gif
The Lovers:The Lovers represent choice and communication. You will soon be faced with a life-changing choice. Be wise for one path could leave you financially unstable or broke.:the_lovers.gif
The Hierophant:The Hierophant represents wisom and mentorship. You will soon find someone or something that will guide you to financial stability. Do not be afraid to seek help.:the_hierophant.gif
The High Priestess: The High Priestess represents the subconscious mind and intuituion. Hold off right now from spending any money and make sure to trust your intuiton. Right now is a time to save.:the_high_priestess.gif
The Fool:The Fool represents new beginnings and clean slates. You will soon be presented with a financial opportunity. Make sure not to pass it up for it could solve your troubles.:the_fool.gif
The Chariot:The Chariot represents journey and challenges. You will soon face financial complications, but this will not necessarily doom you. You have the capacity to get past these challenges as long as you are wise and don't hesitate to take action.:the_chariot.gif
Strength:Strength represents inner strength and perserverance. Although you may be struggling now, you will use your inner strength to get past these tough times. You will be a better person for it, so don't give up trying for financial success, even if things don't work out the way you expected them to.:strength.gif
The Magician:The Magician represents inspired action. Soon, you will either take action to try and find financial success. You will be clever and resourceful, but make sure not to wait or hesitate. Go make it happen.:the_magician.gif
The Empress:The Empress represents womanhood and abundance. Good things are coming your way. Things will start to look up for you financially. This success may initially come in the form of a woman; trust this.:the_empress.gif
The Emperor:The Emperor represents strength and control. Right now you must take charge of your own financial situation and demonstrate discipline. Prevent yourself from spending frivolously and create a budget, and soon things will look up for you.:the_emperor.gif
The Hermit:The Hermit represents solitude. It is time to focus solely on yourself and your own financial situation. The Hermit marks a time of saving and keeping your money to yourself.:the_hermit.gif
The Devil:The Devil represents addiction and obsession. You will soon either become obsessed with money or develop a dangerous habit that will leave you broke.:the_devil.gif
The Star:The Star represents faith and renewal. Find gratitude, kindness, and honesty within yourself. This new perspective will lead you to abundance.:the_star.gif
The Sun:The Sun represents positivity and success. Things will eventually get better. The Sun suggests that you will soon see an increase in savings or will receive a large sum of money to alleviate financial problems.:the_sun.gif
The Moon:The Moon represents fear and illusion. Not everything is as it seems, and you may want to be wary of potential financial opportunities that enter your life; they may be dangerous. Follow your intuition but don't let your paranoia overtake you. Be careful, and don't let others trick you into taking a wrong turn.:the_moon.gif
Judgement:Judgement represents re-birth and the realization that there is something more. The path that you must take will soon become abundantly clear and the answer to your problems will come to you.:judgement.gif
Justice:Justice represents truth and law. If you are not honest or lawful in your finances, you will face legal repercussions. This is a reminder to stay truthful and things will look up for you.:justice.gif
Temperance:Temperance represents balance, patience, and purpose. You can spend money as long as you have a steady balance coming in. Make sure not to get carried away with spending or your problem may get worse, but don't completely cut yourself off from the pleasures of life and money.:temperance.gif
The Hanged Man:The Hanged Man represents surrender and pause. Relinquish the tight control you have over your financial situation. Things will happen as they happen and you will have little control over these things. That's okay.:the_hanged_man.gif
The World:The World represents cycle and the Universe. Keep faith that the Universe is working in your favor and all things will align and you will eventually find financial success.:the_world.gif