Wheel of Fortune:The Wheel of Fortune represents constant change and the coming of good fortune. You will soon enter a new and exciting friendship and leave behind the ones that are causing you pain.:wheel_of_fortune.gif
Death:Death represents a large, possibly negative change. You may soon find yourself in a new and blossoming friendship, however it may be short-term or end in a tragic manner. Perhaps leaving a friend who is causing you pain and leaving you feeling unloved is in order.:death.gif
The Tower:The Tower represents drastic change. You will soon either experience a horrible separation from a friend or be swept up in a whirlwind friendship. Beware, for The Tower tells of war, devastation, and destruction, so a volatile and unstable friendship may be coming your way.:the_tower.gif
The Lovers:The Lovers represent love, honesty, and communication. The perfect frienship is coming your way. If there are problems in your current friendship with someone, they will soon vanish or you will find a new friend whom you will care for deeply.:the_lovers.gif
The Hierophant:The Hierophant represents spiritual wisdom and tradition. You may soon find someone who brings spirituality and religion into your life in a new way, or you may soon find a deep comfort and wisdom in your current friend.:the_hierophant.gif
The High Priestess:The High Priestess represents the subconscious mind and hidden desires and mysteries. Soon you will realize what it is you truly want and desire from a friend. This may signal a change in friendship if you feel that your current friend can no longer care for or relate to you.:the_high_priestess.gif
The Fool:The Fool represents new beginnings. You will either soon find yourself in an exciting, blossoming friendship or you will separate from a current friend who is hurting you and start with someone new, someone who doesn't know your past.:the_fool.gif
The Chariot:The Chariot represents bravery and action. Soon, you will be assertive and make a move to begin a new friendship, whether or not the attempt will be successful. You will take control of your current friendship and no longer let your friend dictate your life.:the_chariot.gif
Strength:Strength represents inner strength and perseverance. You will soon find the determination within yourself to take on a new friendship, or your resilience will help to make your current friendship from falling apart.:strength.gif
The Magician:The Magician represents inspired action. Soon, you will either take action to try and begin a friendship with someone who has fascinated you, or you will use your resourcefulness to save the friendship you are in from falling apart.:the_magician.gif
The Empress:The Empress represents womanhood, softness, and femininity. Either a woman will soon enter your life in a platonic way and care for you tenderly or a friend will help you to get in touch with the softer, more intuitive aspects of your personality.:the_empress.gif
The Emperor:The Emperor represents strength, control, and masculinity. Either a man will soon enter your life in a platonic way or a friend will take control and show strength in your relationship.:the_emperor.gif
The Hermit:The Hermit represents solitude. If you are missing a friend or feel alone currently, expect things to stay this way, or perhaps the new friendships you form will feel empty and loveless. If you are currently experiencing a problem in a friendship, you will soon feel unloved or withdrawn, or the friendship will come to an end and your solitude will last for an extended period of time. Your solitude is not necessarily a negative thing but will allow you to be introspective and find yourself.:the_hermit.gif
The Devil:The Devil represents addiction and restriction. You will soon encounter a devious side of yourself caused by the negative influences of a friend. You and your friend may do things that will show you the darker side of yourself, and it's something you can't break away from.:the_devil.gif
The Star:The Star represents faith and renewal. You may want to spend sometime alone focusing on your own hope, peace, and connection to the divine. In the end, you will enter into a very loving and balanced friendship. If you are currently in a troubled friendship, there will be a calm after the storm and all will be well and you will experience a connection like never before.:the_star.gif
The Sun:The Sun represents positivity and success. Things will eventually get better. Any problems in your friendship will soon be turned around, and you will soon make new, lively friends.:the_sun.gif
The Moon:The Moon represents fear and illusion. Not everything is as it seems, and you may want to be wary of potential friends who enter your life. They are here to hurt you. It may be best to avoid new friends for now. If you are currently in a troubled friendship, there may be something wrong that you're not aware of. Be on the look out.:the_moon.gif
Judgement:Judgement represents re-birth and the realization that there is something more. You will soon make a life-changing decision. If you are searching for friendship, start looking for people who deserve you and who will treat you with respect. If you are having a problem with a friend, you will soon realize that a new, better friend is what you need.:judgement.gif
Justice:Justice represents truth and fairness. You may soon come to realize that it may be best to stay out of a particular friendship or friend group, even though it may be hard to admit. You may soon learn a devastating truth about a friend that will end your relationship.:justice.gif
Temperance:Temperance represents balance, patience, and purpose. Although it may seem like the search for friendship is never ending, you will soon find a companion who will be everything you have every wanted. This friend will bring equilibrium to your life. You will learn something new about one of your current friends that will bring you closer together.:temperance.gif
The Hanged Man:The Hanged Man represents surrender and pause. You will soon take a break in searching for friendship, or there will be an abrupt stop in your current friendship, which will be for the better. Take a break from this friend and refocus your attentions.:the_hanged_man.gif
The World:The World represents the finishing of a cycle. You will either soon end a friendship that you had for years, or you will come to terms with the lack of a stable and loving friendship. You may never hope to regain the same level of friendship that you once had with this person.:the_world.gif