Wheel_of_Fortune:The Wheel of Fortune represents constant change and the coming of good fortune. You will either find a new, very compatible partner or you will a find new compatibility in your current relationship. Prepare for spontaneity and unpredictability in this new side of your relationship.:wheel_of_fortune.gif
Death:Death represents a large, possibly negative change. You may soon find yourself in a new and blossoming relationship, however it may be short-term or end in a tragic manner. Perhaps a divorce or break up is headed in your direction.:death.gif
The_Tower:The Tower represents drastic change. You will soon either experience a horrible break up or be swept up in a whirlwind romance. Beware, for The Tower tells of war, devastation, and destruction, so a volatile and unstable relationship may be coming your way.:the_tower.gif
The_Lovers:The Lovers represent love, honesty, and communication. The perfect relationship is coming your way. If there are problems in your current relationship, they will soon vanish or you will find a new partner whom you will love deeply.:the_lovers.gif
The_Hierophant:The Hierophant represents spiritual wisdom and tradition. You may soon find someone who brings spirituality and religion into your life in a new way, or you may soon find a deep comfort and wisdom in your current partner.:the_hierophant.gif
The_High_Priestess:The High Priestess represents the subconscious mind and hidden desires and mysteries. Soon you will realize what it is you truly want and desire from a partner. This may signal a change in who you look for in a romantic partner or a change in relationship status if you feel that your current partner can no longer fulfill what you want from life.:the_high_priestess.gif
The_Fool:The Fool represents new beginnings. You will either soon find yourself in an exciting, blossoming relationship or, if you are currently in a relationship, you will separate from your partner and start with someone new, someone who doesn't know your past. :the_fool.gif
The_Chariot:The Chariot represents bravery and action. Soon, you will be assertive and make a move to begin a new relationship, whether or not the attempt is successful. You will take control of your current relationship and no longer let your partner dictate your life.:the_chariot.gif
Strength:Strength represents inner strength and perseverance. You will soon find the determination within yourself to take on a new relationship, or your resilience will help to make your current relationship stronger.:strength.gif
The_Magician:The Magician represents inspired action. Soon, you will either take action to try and begin a relationship with the one you have been pining after, or you will use your resourcefulness to save the relationship you are in from falling apart.:the_magician.gif
The_Empress:The Empress represents womanhood, softness, and femininity. Either a woman will soon enter your life in a romantic way and care for you tenderly or a romantic partner will help you to get in touch with the softer, more intuitive aspects of your personality.:the_empress.gif
The_Emperor:The Emperor represents strength, control, and masculinity. Either a man will soon enter your life in a romantic way or a romantic partner will take control and show strength in your relationship.:the_emperor.gif
The_Hermit:The Hermit represents solitude. If you are alone currently, expect things to stay this way, or perhaps new relationships will feel empty and loveless. If you are currently in a relationship, you will soon feel unfulfilled or withdrawn, or the relationship will come to an end and your solitude will last for an extended period of time. Your solitude is not necessarily a negative thing but will allow you to be introspective and find yourself.:the_hermit.gif
The_Devil:The Devil represents addiction and sexuality. You will soon encounter a devious side of yourself or a person who you will adventure with sexually. You and your partner may try things you have never tried before. You will encounter a dark side of yourself and one you can't break away from.:the_devil.gif
The_Star:The Star represents faith and renewal. You may want to spend sometime alone focusing on your own hope, peace, and connection to the divine. In the end, you will enter into a very loving and balanced relationship. If you are currently in a relationship, there will be a calm after the storm and all will be well and you will experience love like never before.:the_star.gif
The_Sun:The Sun represents positivity and success. Things will eventually get better. Any problems in your romantic life will soon be turned around, and your unrequited love may not be so unrequited.:the_sun.gif
The_Moon:The Moon represents fear and illusion. Not everything is as it seems, and you may want to be wary of potential romantic partners who enter your life. It may be best to avoid romance for now. If you are currently in a relationship, there may be something wrong that you're not aware of. Be on the look out.:the_moon.gif
Judgement:Judgement represents re-birth and the realization that there is something more. You will soon make a life-changing decision. If you are searching for love, start looking for people who deserve you and who will treat you with respect. If you are in a relationship, you will soon realize that a new, better relationship is what you need.:judgement.gif
Justice:Justice represents truth and fairness. You may soon come to realize that it may be best to stay out of a relationship, even though it may be hard to admit. If you are currently in a relationship, you may soon learn a devastating truth that will end your relationship.:justice.gif
Temperance:Temperance represents balance, patience, and purpose. Although it may seem like the search for love is never ending, you will soon find a partner who will be everything you have every wanted. This partner will bring equilibrium to your life. If you are currently in a relationship, you will find a new side to your partner and this will bring you peace and comfort.:temperance.gif
The_Hanged_Man:The Hanged Man represents surrender and pause. You will soon take a break in searching for love, or there will be an abrupt stop in your current relationship. Love should not be concerning you at this time. Take a break from romance and refocus your attentions.:the_hanged_man.gif
The_World:The World represents the finishing of a cycle. You will either soon end a long term relationship or you will come to terms with the lack of a stable relationship.:the_world.gif
